The details of our Broiler Hatching Eggs is as under :-
1) We supply Broiler Hatching Eggs (BHE) of Cobb 400/ Cobb 400Y.
2) We supply BHE from the flocks between 32 weeks to 58 weeks age only.
3) 32 weeks to 58 weeks flocks shows peak production, peak hatchability & peak fertility.
4) We maintain cold room tempreture between 58*F to 62*F for storage of BHE.
5) We supply only 2 to 3 days storaged BHE at cold room.
6) We supply BHE of uniform size.
7) We supply BHE of uniform colour (Brown).
8) Excellant hatchability.
9) Excellant hatch of fertile.
10)  Excellant livability in chicks after hatch.
11) Excellant FCR.
12) Excellant dress yield.
13) Excellant profitability.



Under the poultry vertical, we have broiler breeding farms having total capacity of more than 2.5 million breeders. Our commercial broiler farms grow about 100 million birds per annum. We use state-of-the-art layer farming for quality table eggs. It is the first of its kind in India with fully automated systems with a capacity of 1.2 million birds in lay.
Stringent quality standards are maintained while breeding at our farms to ensure that our birds remain clean and healthy.


Skylark Hatcheries is one of the most renowned integrated player in the poultry industry in North India. Founded in 1985 by Sh. Jagbir Singh in association with Sh. Jasbir Singh. Skylark charted its growth plan with diversification into all poultry activities which included Grand Parent (G.P.) Operations, Parent Stock (P.S.) Operations, Hatcheries, Feed Milling, Broiler Contract Farming, Poultry Equipments, Poultry Processing and retail marketing with a commitment to provide quality products...
Skylark started its first operation with broiler breeding & hatchery with a capacity of 1000 broiler breeders in 1985 in village-Anta, tehsil-Safidon, Distt.-Jind, Haryana. The main business at that time was to produce and sale high quality day old chicks to poultry farmers. This business continued upto year 2000. Year 2000 proved to be the turning point for growth and setting long term goals of the company. The company started broiler contract farming with small capacity which gradually gained momentum with time. Skylark focused on developing innovative equipments for better farming practices and management and started poultry equipment manufacturing division in 2000. In 2002, the company entered in layer breeding operations. With an aim to increase the capacities and meet with growing in house demand for quality poultry feeds, the company commissioned its feed plant in 2003. The company focused on delivering high quality products and services to customers.
Group of Companies
Quality of broiler meat can’t be ascertained until we don’t have control over feed given to them. “Safe feed, safe food” is the hymn. So feed, being a major ingredient is produced by our company in a fully automatic, computerized auto batch pallet feed mill commissioned in 2003. The feed mill is situated at Village Khera Khemavati, Safidon, Distt. Jind, Haryana and has a production capacity of 400 tonnes per day.

